Often tools that I've found useful,
there's probably many that I'm not
even thinking about, but
LinkedIn is always the go-to.
It's like, yeah, you can see people's
resumes essentially by looking them up.
There's a lot of search
terms that you can leverage.
I've found a lot of value
in Twitter over the years.
I've been able to connect with people and
have conversations.
There's definitely people I have truly
hired that we just met through Twitter.
Maybe I've met them at conferences but
it's that conversation had started,
conferences, meetups,
events, I love those.
You're able to talk with people and
just get to know people and
talk about what they're working on.
It goes a really long way.
You can set up coffees, lunches.
Obviously, not super scalable, right?
But it definitely is working.
Slack communities,
you can engage on and meet people.
You can look at open source of
things that people are working on.
You're like, wow, that person's
really engaged on this project,
they're doing a lot of great work.
It's a great way to network and
talk to that person.
I also think about to that scalable point,
how do you maybe scale or
sell your company or your team?
Find ways to maybe create tech blog
posts and put that work out there.
This is not only good for
people external seeing all
the cool work that you're doing.
But as a team, sometimes it's really cool
to be able to talk about those things.
And granted,
you can't talk about everything.
We all have different things that
secret sauce and things like that, but
it's really super helpful.
I share updates on Twitter, LinkedIn, etc.
Just keeping a small volume of
this over time is really helpful.
I like to speak or attend conferences,
granted I don't speak as much,
but I think it's really helpful.
Or encouraging people on my team to speak.
Yeah, you should really talk about that.
You wanna do that?
That's a really cool idea.
Podcasts, those are really lightweight.
I'm not saying you need to go create
a podcast, but you can be a guest on
a podcast and talk about some of
the cool work that your team's doing.
One thing I really like to do, and
this is an exercise that I've done and
made other managers on my team do as well,
is creating a dream hire list.
And what I like to say about
the dream hire list is it's
basically creating a list of people that
you would jump at the chance to hire.
What you wanna do is it's probably,
this is not a huge list,
you might have your sourcing tool
that there's thousands of candidates.
I look at this as my dream hire list is
maybe five to ten people, then I'm like,
wow, if you were looking for
a role, I would wanna hire you.
And so I'm keeping them top of mind and
in my networking,
in my little bit of spare time,
I might be checking in with them, or
let's grab coffee and go back and forth.
There has definitely been people
that I've connected with for years.
I end up hiring them because
it was the right time, Mark.
>> Will just said keep in mind for
volunteer opportunities,
I don't know if you want to share.
>> Yeah, there's a local
bootcamp called Prime Academy.
I've actually hired two
of their graduates and
they're both really stellar performers.
And I've also met lots of great other
mentors who would be kind of in that list
of like, if you were available to
join our team, that sounds excellent.
I've really enjoyed
the conversations we've had,
the perspectives you've given to these
bootcamp graduates, things like that.
>> I love that, too.
And also, if you're volunteering,
you're giving back to the community, and
that's even why I like
on even a blog post.
It's like you're helping educate others or
giving insights into
the approaches that you've taken.
I love all that.
Tech is a small community,
I think we should help each other.
Jem said it very well in 101.
He talked about that of us helping
one another and giving back.
I think that's super important,
but it also can help you, right?
You make those connections.
So who should be on a dream hire list?
I mean, yeah, it's people you
wanna jump at and hire, but
maybe it's someone you've
worked with previously.
I've worked with a lot of great
people that I'm like, yeah,
I would love to work with them again.
Maybe it's someone that's
referred by others.
I love referrals,
ask your team for referrals.
But someone speaks really
highly of them and you're like,
wow, maybe I should talk with them.
Maybe it's someone that you've
read a tech blog post or
it's like you've seen their open source
work, they're doing something publicly.
Maybe they spoke at a conference and
you're like, wow, he seemed very
knowledgeable about that topic,
I need to talk more with this person.
Maybe it's someone who's left your
company that you're like, man,
I would totally rehire that person,
and kind of regret that they left.
All right, so we're gonna do an exercise.
You all are gonna create
your dream hire list.
Essentially, what you'll do is I have a
Google Doc that will kinda help give some
instructions.
But really, it's going through
your network, look on LinkedIn,
think of colleagues that
you've worked with.
People that you know or someone that's
publicly available that you're like,
I would love to work with that person and
start to form a dream hire list.
And then you can leverage this and look
back to it and kinda just maintain this
list over time and look for opportunities
to connect with these people over time.